What unique challenges do you foresee in developing and integrating AI regulatory agents 
for legal compliance from a full-stack perspective? 

    In my experience I've faced 3 major hurdles in developing legal support tools. First, documents come in all shapes and sizes, 
    some with standard structures and some without, requiring particular document parsers to be written for each domain. 
    Second, citations can help in identifying relevant context, but standardizing 
    citations across many document types is non-trivial. Third, the set of relevant documents for a given use case can be quite broad, 
    and each new customer base will likey require a new set of documents. This can add up-front cost to each new engagement, though 
    it does have a network effect when there's only a marginal amount of additional documents to add for each use case. 

    On document formats, relevant retrieval requires documents small enough for humans to review quickly. 
    Some document collections in the legal domain have good structure, such as the US Code, and to a lesser extent
    the Code of Federal Regulations. However, even the XML forms of those collections often have structures such as 
    lists that can be difficult to deconstruct and reason about, often requiring linguistic transformations that
    alter the original text. Some document collections have odd layouts, including multiple columns of text, margin notes, and 'metadata' 
    (such as parties in court filings) which are important but not as easily parsable. Agency policies, for example, 
    such as guidance documents, are considered relevant law, and are often just random PDFs. Finally, some documents,
    particularly case law (which is an important corpora for many reasons), have weird features such as stamps, staples, 
    references, and signatures, which can obscure parsers. 

    Citations are a form of legal 'ground-truth' in which an author has said a document is relevant, meaning it contains
    some original text or context for a decision. While some citations are easy to parse at some level, such as US Code citations, 
    others are not, such as citations to random agency policy documents. As far as I'm aware, there is no public unified 
    standard for citations, though likely each legal tech company has their own methods. This is critical both for
    making citations in documents easily navigable and idenitfying documents that cite a given document.

    Finally, understanding the space of relevant documents and integrating them into the database is an ongoing task. Each 
    use case requires a different set of documents, along with existing ones. Having a scalable way to do this is critical. 


How would you address these challenges to make the system robust and user-friendly?

    I'd build a standardized document model and universal citation standard, and a machine learning algorithm
    to map all such documents into that format. 